# Nemo_Voice_Assistant
**ABSTRACT**

In this modern era, day-to-day life became smarter and interlinked with technology. We already know some voice assistance like google, Siri. etc. Now in our voice assistance system, it can act as a note writer, and search tool and also does some tasks such as screenshots, selfies on the laptop, and much more tasks done by this customized voice Assistant. This project works on voice input and gives output through voice and displays the text on the screen. The main agenda of our voice assistance makes people smart and gives instant and computed results and also automates our routine generalized works. 
The voice assistance takes the voice input through our microphone (Bluetooth and wired microphone) and it converts our voice into computer understandable language gives the required solutions and answers which are asked by the user. This assistance connects with the world wide web to provide results that the user has questioned. Natural Language Processing algorithm helps computer machines to engage in communication using natural human language in many forms.

**Introduction:**

Today the development of artificial intelligence (AI) systems that can organize a natural human-machine interaction (through voice, communication, gestures, facial expressions, etc.) is gaining in popularity. One of the most studied and popular was the direction of interaction, based on the understanding of the machine by the machine of the natural human language. It is no longer a human who learns to communicate with a machine, but a machine learns to communicate with a human, exploring his actions, habits, behavior and trying to become his personalized assistant.
Virtual assistants are software programs that help you ease your day-to-day tasks, such as showing weather reports, creating remainders, making shopping lists, etc. They can take commands via voice. Voice-based intelligent assistants need an invoking word or wake word to activate the listener, followed by the command. We have so many virtual assistants, such as Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa, and Microsoft’s Cortana.
This system is designed to be used efficiently on desktops. Personal assistants software improves user productivity by managing routine tasks of the user and by providing information from an online source to the user.
This project was started on the premise that there is a sufficient amount of openly available data and information on the web that can be utilized to build a virtual assistant that has access to making intelligent decisions for routine user activities.
